# MakaylaColonello-BankingApplication
My Bank is a basic front end banking application using React.  It is hosted on Amazon S3 cloud service webiste.  Access My Bank with the link provided to see the code in action. 

Link: http://makayla-colonello-banking-application.s3-website.us-east-2.amazonaws.com 

This application features Home, Create Account, Deposit, Withdraw, and All Data pages. Each page has its own functionality with specific validations related to the content of the page. The Home page features an image of the bank as well as a descrption of the project.  This page does not have any validation checks. The Create Account page allows you to input your name, email, and password. This creates a specific account that also generates a unique account ID. Some validation features of the Create Account page are verifying that all fields are not empty.  Verifying the user is inputting an actual email in the email field, and also verifying that the password is greater or equal to 6 characters long.  If all of those checks are met then an account is created. You can create as many accounts as possible via the 'Add anohter account' button.  Name, Email, Password, and unique Account ID are all listed on the All Data page. The Deposit page allows the user to deposit as much money as they want and will alert the user of a successful deposit as well as updating the balance. If the money is successfully deposited there will be a 'Deposit More' button with the updated balance. There are validation checks that prohibit entering a negative number as well as disabling the deposit button if nothing is entered. The Withdraw page is similar to the Deposit page.  It will alert the user of a successful withdraw as well as a 'Withdraw More' button with the updated balance.  The Withdraw validation checks also do not allow a negative number input as well as not allowing $0 to be withdrawn.  If the user withdraws more than their balance the withdraw page alerts the user of insufficient funds and prevents the withdraw. All of these pages are styled with Bootstrap cards. 

The navigation bar links to all the pages mentioned and hovers as well as highlights over the different pages.  When the pages are clicked the routing shows the page via '/createaccount' for the Create Account page, '/deposit' for Deposit page etc. 

When you click the link to the site it opens with a Login Form. This can also be accessed by clicking My Bank on the navigation bar. This is similar to the other pages listed above.  It includes an account ID field, a username field and a password field.  Validation checks on this page include making sure only numbers are entered for an account ID, only an email is entered for the username, and the password must be greater than or equal to 6 characters. Again if any of these fields are left empty the user is alerted of that.  In addition if nothing is filled into the fields the Login Button is disabled.  With a successful login there is an alert for the user.  My main issue with the Login Form is that it does not have any authentication aspects to it.  Any user can login to this so it is techinically just a pseudo login page.  In addition to this I would like there to be links to the Home page if the login is successful and a link to the Create Account page if the user needs an account. The links worked when running the application on strictly React's local host; however when I upload to Amazon S3 clicking the links provide a '404 Error No Such Key'.  In continuing to refactor this project for my capstone I hope to fix that error with the linking and create authentication for the Login page aka the My Bank page. There is currently no back end to this site but my capstone project will focus on building the backend.

